To the editor:

We thank the editor for sending the paper for adjudication.

To the referee:

We thank the referee for their report.  A few minor comments below.

REFEREE:

p.1: Mention that molecules are also crucial for the interstellar
medium and star-forming regions.

REPLY:

Done.

REFEREE:

p.2: Cite the actual Lawler, Sneden et al. articles on
excitation levels and partition functions of rare Earths
rather than just referring to private communication.

and 

p.5: Mention also the Lawler et al. studies, which to my knowledge are
not included in NIST but have been used here to calculate the partition functions for rare Earths.

REPLY:

There is a misunderstanding here, which we have not made clear in the paper.  The Lawler et al. studies measure transition probabilities, which are indeed not in NIST.  The Lawler et al. / MOOG partition function data, are in many cases based on NIST atomic levels, just as ours are.  For some cases alternate sources are used: see example references cited in paper now.  We have adjusted the text to make this point clear, as well as added a few lines and a figure to the paper regarding the largest differences.   We have also simplified things by removing the mention of this data in the introduction; now all information is in section 3, and hopefully more clear.

REFEREE:

p.2: Please define the constants w_e, x_e, y_e, alpha_e, beta_e, gamma_e
in Eqs. 2-5.

REPLY:

The constants are in fact defined by the equations (i.e. the constants are measured to reproduce observed energies).  They sometimes do have a physical interpretation, but it is not always simple and we think it would be excessive to reproduce such discussion here, especially when this is discussed in many textbooks.  We added a reference to Herzberg's book, which is the classical reference on this.

REFEREE:

p.2: The current explanation for the assessment of v_max is very unclear.
Is the statement "when the first term of eqn. 2 is the smallest, the
expansion is no longer useful as the error is larger than the sum" even correct?
The statement "that the terms should not be more than half of the preceding
term in order to be included in the summation, and the summation over v is
concluded when the second term is more than half of the first term" also
sounds strange, please check that this indeed what is intended.

REPLY:

The statement is correct.  We have reworded.

